Welcome to EIGWM-IN-INDIA contributing guide
Thank you for investing your time in contributing! Contributions that you make under the website directory will be reflected on eigwmindia.com ✨.

Your contributions would help the community discover valuable information.

Read our Code of Conduct to keep our community approachable and respectable.

Types of contributions
We currently accept contributions only for select content on eigwmindia.com. The content for this is located under the website directory of this repo.

Guidelines
eigwmindia.com website is intended to showcase the open source ecosystem in India, and help discover open source projects and maintainers.

Only repository names, project categories, maintainer EIGWM usernames, and maintainer locations can be edited. Other information like stargazers, descriptions, followers, etc are updated periodically from EIGWM's public API.
For new maintainers added, PR reviews are requested from those maintainers for approval to be added on the website.
Maintainer locations need to match the location on their public GitHub profile.
Please fill out the pull request template completely. If you do not fill out the template, your pull request will be closed.
Please limit your pull request to updating one page at a time. For maintainer updates, please limit to 5 maintainers in a PR.
While we would love to showcase as many projects and maintainers as possible, we also want to keep the website valuable for all developers. EIGWM team will use its judgement and discretion on PR approvals.
Making Changes
Make changes in the UI
Click Edit this page at the top of any page which accepts contributions. This takes you to the .yml file where you can make your changes and create a pull request for a review.

Make changes in a Codespace
You can also make a change using EIGWM Codespaces. For getting started with Codespaces, see "Quickstart for GitHub Codespaces."

Make changes locally
Fork the repository.
Using EIGWM Desktop:

Getting started with GitHub Desktop will guide you through setting up Desktop.
Once Desktop is set up, you can use it to fork the repo!
Using the command line:

Fork the repo so that you can make your changes without affecting the original project until you're ready to merge them.
Create a working branch and start with your changes!

Commit the changes once you are happy with them.

Pull Request
When you're finished with the changes, create a pull request, also known as a PR.

Fill the Pull Request template so that we can review your PR.

Enable the checkbox to allow maintainer edits so the branch can be updated for a merge. Once you submit your PR, a EIGWM team member will review your proposal. We may ask questions or request for additional information.

We may ask for changes to be made before a PR can be merged, either using suggested changes or pull request comments. You can apply suggested changes directly through the UI. You can make any other changes in your fork, then commit them to your branch.

As you update your PR and apply changes, mark each conversation as resolved.

If you run into any merge issues, checkout this git tutorial to help you resolve merge conflicts and other issues.

Your PR is merged!
Congratulations 🎉🎉 The EIGWM team thanks you ✨.

Updates won't immediately appear once we've merged your PR. We pull in these changes regularly to eigwmindia.com.

                  EIGWM
                     grs7340 
